PAYMENT:

when customer choosing to use payoo, it is convenience for customer because they dont have to go to the head
of GoViet to pay for the service. They can pay at every convenient store. But this pay method have some problem.
Firstly, GoViet must connect with convenient store to use the service with payoo. That mean they will have a intermediate.
Secondly, payoo is not familiar with many people, specialy the target of GoViet in this feature. In a research of Payoo,
in spite of they had a huge number of people who use payoo, there are a lot of people dont know any thing about it. 
In Viet Name, e-wallet is a thing that usually has problem because of many reasons. For example, the infrastructure, 
when it is broken down, everything will stop. that is so uncomfortable for customer

if payoo has many problem, deposit on account of customer is another solution. customer can easily recharge money and using it.
they dont have to go any where and can manage it. But problem actually happens when the money in account is lower than 
which customer has to pay and they can not recharge at the moment. GoViet should have a way to solve that situation for customer.

when virtual money is not a best solution, customer will consider to paying with cash. this way seem easy but it also have some difficult.
who customer will pay for? a driver who pick up their child or GoViet. if they pay for GoViet, they have to go to the head office 
of GoViet. is it ok? if they pay for customer, when they will have to pay. after every time the driver pick up their child or 
pay for all at one time. that is the challenge for GoViet.

REALITLY:

the first and the biggest problem that GoViet has to very careful about is the safety of children which their driver pick up.
this is the most important thing beacause customer will not choose you if they dont have enough faith. GoViet was very good at 
verifing the identity of driver but it is not enough for customer to beleive. recently, there are many case that trespasser are people who 
never has any convictions. 
beside that, signing contract of picking with customer is a huge problem. where, when and how are the questions. if customer has to sign, so where?
at their home, or at the headoffice. can GoViet make sure that the driver will get there? and will customer have to wait too long to sign the contract?
sign contract mean GoViet has to deal with human resource problem. GoViet has to have enough people when many customer come at the same time. along with it,
customer might be feel not so comfotable when they have to go to the head office, and might be more angry if they dont have result they want.